DOCSUP-2807: Documented the date_trunc function (#15429)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/date-time-functions.md

└────────────┴───────────┴───────────┴───────────┘
```

## date_trunc {#date_trunc}

> Truncates a date or date with time based on the specified datepart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Truncates date and time data to the specified precision.
```

**Syntax** 

``` sql

> date_trunc(datepart, value[, time_zone])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date_trunc(precision, value[, time_zone])
```

```

Alias: `dateTrunc`. 

**Parameters**

> -   `datepart` — Name of the datepart. [String](../syntax.md#syntax-string-literal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `precision` — Required precision. [String](../syntax.md#syntax-string-literal).
```

    Possible values:

    - `second`
    - `minute`
    - `hour`
    - `day`
    - `week`
    - `month`
    - `quarter`
    - `year`

-   `value` — Date and time. [DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md) or [DateTime64](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime64.md).
-   `timezone` — [Timezone name](../../operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md#server_configuration_parameters-timezone) for the returned value (optional). If not specified, the function uses the timezone of the `value` parameter. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).

**Returned value**

> -   Value, truncated to the specified datepart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Value, truncated to the specified precision.
```
